## Scope Chain
The scope chain in JavaScript is a mechanism that defines how variable names are resolved in nested functions. When a variable is used, JavaScript looks for it in the current scope and, if not found, continues to search in outer (parent) scopes, forming a chain.

The scope chain is the series of variable environments (or lexical environments) JavaScript checks when trying to resolve a variable name.



```
function sayMyName()
{
  let a= 'a';
  return function findName()
  {
    let b ='b';
    return  function printName()
    {
      let c ='c';
      
      return function writeName()
      {
        let d = 'd';
        console.log(a);
        return 'Shital Padole';
      }
    }
  }
}
sayMyName()()()()
```

## Context vs Scope
In programming, scope and context are distinct concepts related to how variables and functions are accessed, but they serve different purposes. Scope defines the accessibility of variables within different parts of your code, while context determines the value of the this keyword within a function. 
Scope
Scope determines where variables are visible and accessible in your code. 
It dictates whether a variable can be accessed from a specific function or block of code. 
JavaScript has different types of scope: global, function, and block scope. 
The scope of a variable is determined by where it is declared (e.g., inside a function or block). 
Context
Context, in JavaScript, is represented by the this keyword.
It refers to the object to which a function is bound or the object in which the function is executed.
The value of this can change depending on how the function is called (e.g., as a method of an object, as a standalone function, or with call, apply, or bind).
Understanding context is crucial for understanding how functions interact with objects and their properties. 